Now that we're able to grab all movies based on the scan function,
we want to be able to grab a movie back based on the partition key,
userId, and the sort key MovieName.
We'll be using DynamoDB's LoadAsync method.
This is basically a get function from DynamoDB's Object Persistent model.
The LoadAsync requires us to pass in the partition,
and if we have one, a sort key as well.
Let's create a method inside our Controller class.
We'll add the HttpGet decorator, and we'll also add a route.
We'll pass in curly braces UserId/ curly braces, movieName.
Along with the route that we have set up at the top of our Controller class,
we'll also be required to pass in a UserId and MovieName when
we call off to this method inside Postman.
We will create a method with a return type of Task MovieResponse,
a method name of GetMovie, and our method will have two parameters,
userId and movieName.
Inside our method, we want to create a variable named result,
and call off to a method inside our movieRankService class called GetMovie.
We'll also pass the UserId and movieName through as well,
and we want to return the results back to our user.
Heading over to our MovieRankService class, we want to create a method.
The return type will be Task MovieResponse, with a method name of GetMovie.
We'll accept two parameters, UserId and movieName.
Inside our method, we want to create a variable named response,
and call off to our Repository class to a method named GetMovie.
We also want to pass through the UserId and movieName.
We want to map the results that we get back from DynamoDB.
So we'll say return,
and call off to our mapper that we created to map our MovieDb
object into our MovieResponse contract.
We also need to make sure that we've added this method to our interface.
Inside our MovieRankRepository,
we will create a method with a return type of Task MovieDb,
and name this method GetMovie.
This method will take two parameters, UserId and movieName,
and using our DynamoDB context that we created earlier,
we'll call off to the LoadAsync method with a type argument of MovieDb.
The LoadAsync method is from DynamoDB SDK.
This is part of the Object Persistent model.
The LoadAsync command is a get command.
This is a lot less expensive than the scan function that we used earlier,
as it uses your partition and sort key to locate the items that we are after.
However, the load or get command requires us to pass in a partition,
and if we have one set, a sort key as well.
So this can be quite limited to what you can search for.
We will also pass in our UserId and movieName parameter arguments.
We need to add our newly-created method to our interface,
so we'll add that now inside our IMovieRankRepository interface.
We now want to save our application and also build it.
Let's run our application.
Inside of Postman,
we are going to use our localhost and the port that we grabbed earlier,
and we're also going to add movies, and the userId of 1,
and the movie name Fallen Name.
This assumes that you already have movies loaded up inside your MovieRank table.
Remember, we added some demo data in an earlier module.
Hit Send, and we are returned back results based on our UserId and movieName. We're also going to save this to our collection as well.